You’re a Jr. Dev working at a company that has just been granted a contract for building a teacher’s admin tool for the local high school! Different teams have been assembled to take on different parts of the app, your team will be working on the dashboard for the school principal.

One specific feature your client wanted was to be able to quickly generate and visualize report cards from .csv files containing the student courses and grades. The front-end developers in your team are already working on displaying the reports, but they don’t know how to parse .csv files and would rather be working with JSON data that is already processed. This is where you come in. Your manager needs you to build a tool that reads these .csv files, parses them, calculates the students’ final grades and generates the report as a structured JSON file that can easily be consumed by the front-end.

four files as an input to your program:

courses.csv
This file contains the courses that a student is taking. Each course has a unique id, a
name, and a teacher.
students.csv
This file contains all existing students in the database. Each student has a unique id,
and a name.
tests.csv
This file contains all the tests for each course in the courses.csv file. The file has three
columns:
● id: the test’s unique id
● course_id: the course id that this test belongs to
● weight: how much of the student’s final grade the test is worth. For example, if a
test is worth 50, that means that this test is worth 50% of the final grade for this
course.
The sum of all the weights of every test in a particular course should add up to 100. If
that’s not the case, your output should be an error message (see an example in the
output section below).
marks.csv
This file contains all the marks each student has received for every test they have
written.
The file has three columns:
● test_id: the test’s id
● student_id: the student’s id
● mark: The percentage grade the student received for the test (out of 100)
Notes:
Not every student is enrolled in all courses – a student is considered to be enrolled in a
course if they have taken a least one test for that course